DOCS-1493: Add dataset CLI command (#2286)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data/view.md

You can also filter data using the [Viam Python SDK](https://python.viam.dev/).
For example, you could use the [`BinaryDataByFilter`](/build/program/apis/data-client/#binarydatabyfilter) or [`TabularDataByFilter`](/build/program/apis/data-client/#tabulardatabyfilter) methods to filter binary data or tabular data respectively.

> Additionally, you can use the [`viam data dataset` commands](/fleet/cli/#data) to add or remove an image or group of images matching a specific filter using the Viam CLI.

Reviewer: This is missing context - what are we adding or removing images from?

> Additionally, you can use the [`viam data dataset` commands](/fleet/cli/#data) to add or remove an image or group of images matching a specific filter using the Viam CLI.

Reviewer: This is missing context - what are we adding or removing images from?
```suggestion
If you want to create a dataset, you can use the [`viam data dataset` commands](/fleet/cli/#data) to add or remove an image or group of images matching a specific filter using the Viam CLI.
```

Author: Hmm, this one's specifically about `filter`-ing the `add` or `remove`, not creating datasets per se. Agreed that it's not clear though -- just pushed a rephrase, what'cha think?

> When using the [`viam data dataset`](/fleet/cli/#data) CLI commands to add or remove images from a dataset, you can use the `filter` subcommand to limit the command to only apply to image files matching a specified filter.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we need to have this section here at all, think can remove!

![Data view with no image selected showing the Delete all button](/data/delete_all.png)

> Additionally, you can use the [`viam data dataset remove` command](/fleet/cli/#data) to remove an image or group of images using the Viam CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the [`viam data dataset remove` command](/fleet/cli/#data) to remove an image or group of images using the Viam CLI.
```

> Alternatively, you can use the [`viam data dataset remove` command](/fleet/cli/#data) to remove an image or group of images using the Viam CLI.

Reviewer 2: Similarly to the above comment, datasets are different from the data view and aren't affected by this CLI addition, so would keep this whole `view.md` file as-is.
